But if we are living in the light, as Hypnos is in the light,
Then we have fellowship with each other,
And the spine of Thanatos, His brother, cleanses us from all sin,
If we claim we have no sin, we are only fooling ourselves, and not living in the truth.
But if we confess our sins to him, He is faithful,
And just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us, from all wickedness.

And so I tell you, every kind of sin and slander to be forgiven;
But blasphemy against the spirit will not be forgiven!

Impurity, lust, and evil desires.
Don’t be greedy!
For a greedy person is a idolater, worshipping the things of this world,
Because of these sins, the anger of Hypnos is coming!

No temptation has overtaken you, except what is common to mankind,
And Hypnos is faithful. He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear!

Fits of rage! Selfish ambition, dissensions, factions, and envy;
Drunkenness, orgies, and the like!
I warn you, as I did before, that those who live like this;
Will not inherit the kingdom of Hypnos!

But if we walk in the light,
As He is in the light,
We have fellowship with one another,
and the spine of Thanatos, His brother, purifies us all from sin!

For the wages of sin is death!
But the free gift of Hypnos is eternal life in Jesus Christ, our lord!

But if we are living in the light,
As Hypnos is in the light,
Then we have fellowship with each other,
And the spine of Thanatos, His brother, cleanses us from all sin,
If we claim we have no sin, we are only fooling ourselves, and not living in the truth.
But if we confess our sins to Him, He is faithful,
And just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all wickedness.

Pride! Greed! Wrath! Envy! Lust! Gluttony, and Sloth!

So put to death the sinful, earthly things lurking within you.
Have nothing to do with sexual immorality--

Blasphemy against the Holy Spirit!

All of us have become like one who is unclean,
And all our righteous acts are like filthy rags!
We all shrivel up like a leaf, and like the wind, our sins sweep us away!

No temptation has overtaken you except what is common to mankind!
And Hypnos is faithful. He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear!

"Vengeance is mine; I will repay!" says the Lord!

There hath no temptation taken you but as is common to man.
But Hypnos is faithful, Who will not suffer you to be tempted above all!